[K9VULN-10863] Add documentation for StackSet Agentless onboarding (#33830)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/setup/agentless_scanning/deployment_methods.md

For larger accounts with 250 or more hosts, this is the most cost-effective option as it avoids cross-region scans, and reduces friction for managing your Agentless scanners. You can either create a dedicated account for your Agentless scanners or choose an existing one. The account where the Agentless scanners are located can also be scanned.

> For AWS Organizations, you can use a [CloudFormation StackSet](/security/cloud_security_management/setup/agentless_scanning/enable#aws-cloudformation-stackset-setup) to deploy the delegate role across all member accounts, automating the onboarding process for cross-account scanning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For AWS Organizations, you can use a [CloudFormation StackSet][5] to deploy the delegate role across all member accounts, automating the onboarding process for cross-account scanning.
```
